[refactor][Lang] Unify SNode and Tensor meta data accessor in both Taichi&Python-scope (#971)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/scalar_tensor.rst

        # ERROR: cannot create tensor after any tensor accesses from the Python-scope!

Accessing components
--------------------

.. attribute:: a[p, q, ...]

>     :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor of scalar

Reviewer: lets use "scalars" instead of "scalar"

    :parameter p: (scalar) index of the first tensor dimension
    :parameter q: (scalar) index of the second tensor dimension
    :return: (scalar) the element at ``[p, q, ...]``

    This extracts the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a``:
    ::

        x = a[3, 4]

    This sets the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a`` to ``2``:
    ::

        a[3, 4] = 2

    .. note ::

        The returned value can also be ``Vector`` / ``Matrix`` if ``a`` is a tensor of vector / matrix, see :ref:`vector` for more details.

Meta data
---------

.. function:: a.dim()

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :return: (scalar) the length of ``a``

    ::

        x = ti.var(ti.i32, (6, 5))
        x.dim()  # 2

        y = ti.var(ti.i32, 6)
        y.dim()  # 1

        z = ti.var(ti.i32, ())
        z.dim()  # 0

> .. function:: a.shape()

Reviewer: This one is actually called get_shape() in python scope.

Author: `get_shape()` is a method of `SNode`, in `Expr` it's `shape()`...please check L299 of `expr.py` to verify. We may want to refactor to make `SNode` and `Expr` have the same API later in a separate PR.

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :return: (tuple) the shape of tensor ``a``

    ::

        x = ti.var(ti.i32, (6, 5))
        x.shape()  # (6, 5)

        y = ti.var(ti.i32, 6)
        y.shape()  # (6,)

        z = ti.var(ti.i32, ())
        z.shape()  # ()

> .. function:: a.parent()

Reviewer: Lets also show grandparent syntax. Or are we talking about python scope parent()? Whivh does not have grantparent access yet. We should probably make it consistent with taichi scope parent() . 

```
.. function:: a.parent(n)

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :parameter n: (scalar) the number of parent steps, ie. parent, grandparent, etc...
    :return: (SNode)  the parent SNode of ``a``

    ::
        x = ti.var(ti.i32)
        y = ti.var(ti.i32)
        blk1 = ti.root.dense(ti.ij, (6, 5))
        blk2 = blk1.dense(ti.ij, (3, 2))
        blk1.place(x)
        blk2.place(y)

        x.parent()  # blk1
        y.parent()  # blk2
        y.parent(2) # blk1
```

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :return: (SNode) the SNode where ``a`` is placed

    ::
        x = ti.var(ti.i32)
        y = ti.var(ti.i32)
        blk1 = ti.root.dense(ti.ij, (6, 5))

>         blk2 = blk2.dense(ti.ij, (3, 2))

Reviewer: blk2 = blk1.dense(ti.ij, (3, 2))

    :parameter p: (scalar) index of the first tensor dimension
    :parameter q: (scalar) index of the second tensor dimension
    :return: (scalar) the element at ``[p, q, ...]``

    This extracts the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a``:
    ::

        x = a[3, 4]

    This sets the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a`` to ``2``:
    ::

        a[3, 4] = 2

    .. note ::

        The returned value can also be ``Vector`` / ``Matrix`` if ``a`` is a tensor of vector / matrix, see :ref:`vector` for more details.

Meta data
---------

.. function:: a.dim()

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :return: (scalar) the length of ``a``

    ::

        x = ti.var(ti.i32, (6, 5))
        x.dim()  # 2

        y = ti.var(ti.i32, 6)
        y.dim()  # 1

        z = ti.var(ti.i32, ())
        z.dim()  # 0

.. function:: a.shape()

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor
    :return: (tuple) the shape of tensor ``a``

    ::

        x = ti.var(ti.i32, (6, 5))
        x.shape()  # (6, 5)

        y = ti.var(ti.i32, 6)
        y.shape()  # (6,)

        z = ti.var(ti.i32, ())
        z.shape()  # ()

.. function:: a.parent(n = 1)

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor

>     :parameter n: (optional, scalar) the number of parent steps, i.e. parent, grandparent, etc...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter n: (optional, scalar) the number of parent steps. I.e., ``n=1`` for parent, ``n=2`` for grandparent, etc...
```

>     :return: (SNode) the parent SNode where ``a`` is placed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :return: (SNode) the parent of ``a``'s containing SNode
```

        # ERROR: cannot create tensor after any tensor accesses from the Python-scope!

Accessing components
--------------------

> .. attribute:: a[p, q, ...]

Reviewer 3: nit: When written like this, it gives the reader an impression that a tensor must have at least two dimensions. I feel like this is such a common operation that we don't need to document it very formally. Maybe we should just show some examples? FYI here's `numpy`'s array indexing doc: https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/arrays.indexing.html#indexing. It's too fancy for us, but it only shows examples...

Author: What should we do then? To write `a[obj]` and say `obj` is a `tuple`?

Reviewer 3: Maybe just say "You can access an element of the Taichi tensor by an index", then shows your examples?

Author: Ack for adding a brief desc. But note that this is put in `API Reference` section, if user want a more tutorial version, they will go for `tensor_matrix.rst` in `Overview` section.

Reviewer 3: > To write a[obj] and say obj is a tuple

Then let's do this, since it's more generic.

    :parameter a: (Tensor) the tensor of scalars
    :parameter p: (scalar) index of the first tensor dimension
    :parameter q: (scalar) index of the second tensor dimension
    :return: (scalar) the element at ``[p, q, ...]``

>     This extracts the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a``:
>     ::
> 
>         x = a[3, 4]

Author: ```suggestion
    This extracts the element value at index ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a``:
    ::

        x = a[3, 4]
```

    This sets the element value at ``[3, 4]`` of tensor ``a`` to ``2``:
    ::

        a[3, 4] = 2

> 

Author: ```suggestion

    .. note ::

        In Python, x[(exp1, exp2, ..., expN)] is equivalent to x[exp1, exp2, ..., expN]; the latter is just syntactic sugar for the former.

```
